doc: supplement MDC documentation (#314)
megaease/easeagent: doc/user-manual.md

$ java "-javaagent:${EASE_AGENT_PATH}/easeagent.jar -Deaseagent.log.conf=${EASE_AGENT_PATH}/easeagent-log4j2.xml" -jar user-app.jar
```

### MDC

> Easeagent will add TraceId and SpanId to MDC when creating a Span, you can add parameters to your slf4j or logback configuration files to display them, or retrieve them from MDC in your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Easeagent automatically adds TraceId and SpanId to the MDC (Mapped Diagnostic Context) when creating a new Span. You can configure your slf4j or logback files by adding parameters to display these IDs, or retrieve them directly from the MDC in your code.
```

Here is an example of the configuration file to get `traceId` and `spanId`:

```xml
<appender name="STDOUT" class="ch.qos.logback.core.ConsoleAppender">
    <encoder>
        <pattern>!-%d{HH:mm:ss.SSS} [%thread] %-5level %logger{16} - [%X{traceId}/%X{spanId}] %msg%n</pattern>
    </encoder>
</appender>
```

> Here is how to retrieve `traceId` and `spanId` in code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of how to retrieve `traceId` and `spanId` in code.
```
